README.md, before:

![Image](frontend/public/logo.png)

# Shukra #

Akka actor visualization and management tool for local and distributed actor systems.

Shukra relies on [akka-management](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-management/current/akka-management.html) which exposes 
HTTP APIs.


## Start Developing Shukra

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Download and install the latest version of [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) to spin up a sample Akka cluster (Shukra Backend). 
Download and install the latest version of [Node.js and NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to install and start the Shukra UI.

### Installation

#### Back end:

Use the command below to start a sample Akka Docker cluster.
```
vagrant up
```

This will create 3 nodes, a seed and two regular nodes, called seed, c1, and c2 respectively (unless changed in ```docker-compose.yml```). While running, try opening a new terminal and try things like ```docker-compose stop seed``` and watch the cluster nodes respond.

This also starts Akka Management on the seed node with the endpoint `http://localhost:8402/ShukraManager`, unless changed in the ```application.conf``` file. 

#### Front end:

Navigate to the `frontend` folder and use the command below to install the dependencies for Shukra UI.
```
npm install
```

Use the command below to start the Shukra UI.
```
npm start
```

### Configuration

#### Back end:

Akka Management for a member is disabled by default.

In order to enable Akka Management for a member, set `AKKA_MANAGEMENT_ENABLE: enabled` property under `environment` section in `docker-compose.yml`.

Specify the `AKKA_MANAGEMENT_PORT: <port-number>` property to change the Akka Management HTTP endpoint port.

Properties `SEED_PORT_1600_TCP_ADDR` and `SEED_PORT_1600_TCP_PORT` can be used to modify the seed node for a member.

#### Front end:

By default, Shukra UI points to the Akka HTTP URL `http://localhost:8402/ShukraCluster`.

For local development or testing, change the `proxy` property in `package.json` to the Akka Management Host HTTP server address and change the `akka.management.url` property in `akkaClusterProps.js` to the Akka Management Host HTTP base path. The `proxy` property is used to set up reverse proxy to avoid CORS issue on local environments. 

For production, change the `akka.management.url` property in `akkaClusterProps.js` to the entire Akka Management URL, i.e., Akka Management HTTP address + base path.

## Built With

* [Scala](https://docs.scala-lang.org/?_ga=2.243112642.1950037817.1572011844-746476698.1572011844) - Back end programming language
* [SBT](https://www.scala-sbt.org/1.x/docs/) - Back end build tool
* [Akka](https://akka.io/docs/) - Actor system framework
* [React](https://akka.io/docs/) - Front end JavaScript library

## Authors

* **Karthik Pasagada** - *Initial work* - [kpasagada](https://github.com/kpasagada)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/Headstorm/shukra/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## Acknowledgments

* Thanks to [akka-docker-cluster-example](https://github.com/akka/akka-sample-cluster-docker-compose-scala) for initial akka cluster setup.

Commit message:

Issues/44 - Production Installation Documentation (#49)
* Initial code changes for redux.

* Redux test changes.

* Move auto refresh to header.

* Resolved PR comments - refesh interval seconds and indentation fix

* - Moved header/footer to separate components
- Implemented Akka url change on the go

* Refactored state in each component.

* State model changes and minor code refactoring

* Readme modifications and package json update.

* Moving akka props to public folder

* Readme changes to reflect new akka props location

README.md, after:

![Image](frontend/public/logo.png)

# Shukra #

Akka actor visualization and management tool for local and distributed actor systems.

Shukra relies on [akka-management](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-management/current/akka-management.html) which exposes 
HTTP APIs.

## Production Usage Instructions

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on the production environment.

### Generate Production Build

* Set `homepage` property in `package.json` file to reflect the exact deployment URL on the server. For example, `"homepage": "http://localhost:8080/shukra"`. 
* Use the command `npm run build` (uses create react app `react-scripts build` internally) to generate a production build to serve it with a static server.
* The `build` folder contains files that are ready to be deployed. 
* Refer to https://create-react-app.dev/docs/production-build or https://reactjs.org/docs/optimizing-performance.html for more information on generating production ready builds.

### Deploy Production Build

* Move the files created in the `build` folder to a static server. Do not change the folder structure.
* Follow instructions in the **Configuration** section below to modify the Akka Management URL.

## Development Usage Instructions

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Download and install the latest version of [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) to spin up a sample Akka cluster (Shukra Backend). 
Download and install the latest version of [Node.js and NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to install and start the Shukra UI.

### Installation

#### Back end:

Use the command below to start a sample Akka Docker cluster.
```
vagrant up
```

This will create 3 nodes, a seed and two regular nodes, called seed, c1, and c2 respectively (unless changed in ```docker-compose.yml```). While running, try opening a new terminal and try things like ```docker-compose stop seed``` and watch the cluster nodes respond.

This also starts Akka Management on the seed node with the endpoint `http://localhost:8402/ShukraCluster`, unless changed in the ```application.conf``` file. 

#### Front end:

Navigate to the `frontend` folder and use the command below to install the dependencies for Shukra UI.
```
npm install
```

Use the command below to start the Shukra UI.
```
npm start
```

### Configuration

#### Back end:

Akka Management for a member is disabled by default.

In order to enable Akka Management for a member, set `AKKA_MANAGEMENT_ENABLE: enabled` property under `environment` section in `docker-compose.yml`.

Specify the `AKKA_MANAGEMENT_PORT: <port-number>` property to change the Akka Management HTTP endpoint port.

Properties `SEED_PORT_1600_TCP_ADDR` and `SEED_PORT_1600_TCP_PORT` can be used to modify the seed node for a member.

#### Front end:

By default, Shukra UI points to the Akka HTTP URL `http://localhost:8402/ShukraCluster`.

For local development or testing, change the `proxy` property in `package.json` to the Akka Management Host HTTP server address and change the `akka.management.url` property in `public/akkaClusterProps.json` to the Akka Management Host HTTP base path. The `proxy` property is used to set up reverse proxy to avoid CORS issue on local environments. 

For production, change the `akka.management.url` property in `public/akkaClusterProps.json` to the entire Akka Management URL, i.e., Akka Management HTTP address + base path.

## Built With

* [Scala](https://docs.scala-lang.org/?_ga=2.243112642.1950037817.1572011844-746476698.1572011844) - Back end programming language
* [SBT](https://www.scala-sbt.org/1.x/docs/) - Back end build tool
* [Akka](https://akka.io/docs/) - Actor system framework
* [React](https://akka.io/docs/) - Front end JavaScript library

## Authors

* **Karthik Pasagada** - *Initial work* - [kpasagada](https://github.com/kpasagada)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/Headstorm/shukra/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## Acknowledgments

* Thanks to [akka-docker-cluster-example](https://github.com/akka/akka-sample-cluster-docker-compose-scala) for initial akka cluster setup.
